README.md, before:

# Graph NFT Marketplace FCC

*Be sure to double check if Rinkeby or Goerli is best for learning as Rinkeby is getting sunset*

# Quickstart

1. Install Subgraph CLI

```
yarn global add @graphprotocol/graph-cli
```

2. Log into [the graph UI](https://thegraph.com/studio/subgraph) and create a new Subgraph.

Use Goerli as the network. 

3. Initialize Subgraph

```
graph init --studio nft-marketplace
```

4. Authenticate CLI

```
graph auth  --studio YOUR_DEPLOY_KEY_HERE
```

5. Update your `subgraph.yaml`

- Update the `address` with your NftMarketplace Address
- Update the `startBlock` with the block right before your contract was deployed

6. Build graph locally

```
graph codegen && graph build
```

- `graph codegen`: Generates code in the `generated` folder based on your `schema.graphql`
- `graph build`: Generates the build that will be uploaded to the graph

7. Deploy subgraph

Replace `VERSION_NUMBER_HERE` with a version number like `0.0.1`. 

```
graph deploy --studio nft-marketplace -l VERSION_NUMBER_HERE
```

8. View your UI

Back in your hardhat project, mint and list an NFT with:

```
yarn hardhat run scripts/mint-and-list-item.js --network goerli
```

Commit message:

Update READM.md file - Sepolia Update

README.md, after:

# Graph NFT Marketplace FCC

_This repo has been updated to work with Sepolia over Goerli._

# Quickstart

1. Install Subgraph CLI

```
yarn global add @graphprotocol/graph-cli
```

2. Log into [the graph UI](https://thegraph.com/studio/subgraph) and create a new Subgraph.

Use Goerli as the network.

3. Initialize Subgraph

```
graph init --studio nft-marketplace
```

4. Authenticate CLI

```
graph auth  --studio YOUR_DEPLOY_KEY_HERE
```

5. Update your `subgraph.yaml`

-   Update the `address` with your NftMarketplace Address
-   Update the `startBlock` with the block right before your contract was deployed

6. Build graph locally

```
graph codegen && graph build
```

-   `graph codegen`: Generates code in the `generated` folder based on your `schema.graphql`
-   `graph build`: Generates the build that will be uploaded to the graph

7. Deploy subgraph

Replace `VERSION_NUMBER_HERE` with a version number like `0.0.1`.

```
graph deploy --studio nft-marketplace -l VERSION_NUMBER_HERE
```

8. View your UI

Back in your hardhat project, mint and list an NFT with:

```
yarn hardhat run scripts/mint-and-list-item.js --network sepolia
```
